Boy, you really don't know the sky and the earth.
Stole the key of the Qin family's appointment with the king of the building
Not only pleaded not guilty
He also boasted that Miss Qin begged for it for you
Manager Wang must take care of this kid
If you really stole it
What do you think of Manager Wang?
This kid is pretending to be innocent
I'll give a call and ask first.
What else is there to ask?
This bastard is a thief
Why did he run away?
Sister-in-law, this place is not your kind of abuse
Waiting for people to come
Now you hurry up and kneel down and kowtow and admit your mistake
As long as you knock it loud enough
The Qin family might even show mercy
Save your life
Not enough, right?
What else are you packing?
I'll tell you what.
This is the Qin family's territory
Don't think you've been fighting for a while
You can be arrogant in the Qin family
The Qin family still has four major casualties
I don't believe it anymore
Come and wait for me to fly and hit me
Manager Wang, what are you doing?
Xu Shao is the owner here
Owner what
The owner doesn't count
News from the housekeeper of the Qin family
The Qin family has a distinguished guest who wants to settle in Building 1
Wang Impossible
How could he possibly recognize his relatives' distinguished guests?